ok and my teknos friends in this
moment we are going to start the review of
that gentleman who is here that is the engine
and second generation there was a first
generation that was delivered in 2013 and
this second generation that comes from
year 2014 the year that has just gone has
a 5.5-inch screen with
resolution hd a resolution hd of 1280
x 720 points and a qualcomm processor
quad-core snapdragon 400 nothing
wrong that runs at 1.2 gigahertz a gpu
adreno 305 that takes care of all the
graphic part is dedicated to the development
from graphics to movements to
effects that is the part that is responsible
that gpu takes care of it the system
operative good let's do the
operating system search then
to know which one is coming from
factory we see here about the phone
good system updates
no updates so far
but here is the android version and
says 4.4
point 4 and if we hit several times no
there will appear the same face
kitkat and if we tap txu txu
txu txu txu txu moves android 4.4
point 4 are waiting at that moment
the official update for lollipop
5.0 but gentlemen like that they have us from
Three weeks ago, the
update is about to leave
the update now yes that the engine and
is receiving the update in the usa
which is receiving the update in
Chinese and here I do not finish arriving
personally, I get the
configuration every day to see if yes
the version has come the latest version
of android to install it or if the TV
or waiting for the phone to tell me
automatically if there was already drop that
remember that another is over the air something
as well as through the air a
installation of the operating system that does not
requires that we connect the terminal to the
computer but the system
operative is downloaded directly to the
phone and we can see here
system updates looking
valid update then
the last times he told me there is
your device is updated I say
do not accept ok let's see how long
my god and I want it to be updated to
lollipop but experience with kitkat
4 points 4.4 really has not been
bad as we can see here the front is
bright is in bright black here
there is the front camera of 2
megapixels
and the screen that comes on the screen
it really looks pretty good has
a density per inch of 280 pixels
per inch of truth that nothing bad
we can not compare remember that your
medium range phone almost almost range
medium-low is still in bed
media is a phone that can not not
we can compare this screen that he pulled
the nexus x the samsung galaxy s 5 the know
3 we can not or less with the iphone 6 that
they already have that retina technology
but it really looks very good and like
can see on the screen the colors are
really deep outer part
back as you can we can see this is
a carcass if they have let's proceed to
open the quickie terminal here so that
see the back we're going to see
as we can see the big surprise there
has battery removable battery
gentlemen is there in there and not
we will be able to extract it here goes the sim
card and here goes the memory that we
we want to expand to 16 or 32 gigabytes
but that of taking out the battery in these
models does not go
here we have the microusb entry for
load the terminal
and the minijack hole precisely for
we listen to music or share
contained to other devices by
half of the auxiliary cable is in
the top precisely so that
we can enter the terminal in
our pockets and still the cable
can stay intact
has a gigabyte of ram memory nothing
wrong for this type of gamma device
mean and really that handles them
really good the phone has a
pretty acceptable performance the weight
it is also quite comfortable is a
lightweight terminal is not very heavy weigh
only 149 almost 150 grams weighs the
terminal and really we can
put in the pockets we can load
without any problem even though the
screen is 5.5 inches is maintained
really good in a matter of weight and
also in portability now we're going to
see how it behaves as we can see
here on the screen I have several
Applications
the good thing about this kitkat desk or
of the main screen is that we
allows to save several applications
inside a kind of bubbles or
folders then in those folders or
little bubbles we are going to keep
I have here all the news
google apps in one place
this comes by default and see how
went from an application window to the
another and it really behaves quite
well in no time has been guided
a moment has stuck here I open all
the applications that I have open today
closing applications that I have open
also and then note that not in any
moment has presented a lac
there we have the volume and the best is
that as he had told them they are
stereo channels is to say what comes out in
the right channel is the same as it comes out in
the left channel then each channel
because it is here or ejects or projects some
different sound what allows us to
we enjoy a wealth is not
monkey that goes out the same for both the
channels but here they differ
clearly and best of all is that
we can take the terminal like this and if
we have an iphone a samsung galaxy not
we will be able to listen to the content and
notice that I can take my terminal
so so
I can also listen to everything that is
is playing and I hear it well
then it is a really positive point
for the part I'm going for the people for the
motorola engineering really is the
ate because I can take the terminal
well without any problem and continue
listening to the audio sometimes we can
get in 150 and in 180 dollars in a
terminal that is at a price
quite quite affordable now one of
the things that he's definitely missing
is the 4g signal to be able to work with lte 4g
at this time work with signals hs
of pea and also 3g is the speed
maximum that you can register this
terminal but if we are going to work with 4g
The gentlemen there we can go to mourn
for the valley however the speed
download is also very acceptable
whether we are on the street with
3g or if we connect to a wifi network in
the house and I repeat the price sir is
good you can get it on offer at
140 dollars or up to 180
it's a real bargain prices
of this terminal we are talking about the
engine and version then 2014 with a
really wide screen that we
will allow us to enjoy both
of the content that we are reading the
messages
as well as the content
multimedia really very well for the
motorola people and then we're going to
look for the moto x and the nexus 6 for
make them their then their respective
review also